the polytechnic experimental private school
is an educational institution constituted in 1995 by founding
in
a non-profit foundation
of the polytechnic high school of the littoral
to promote the pic share with the community
a model of preschool education
primary school and high school
based on humanism and science
forging young self-employed
creative and supportive
ready to enter
to any university
in the coupon
learning is a process where knowledge is built from
the student's experiences
the teacher
more than an informant
is a facilitator of this process
while the student becomes
in the main protagonist of class activities
the students of the ciborium
have a first infrastructure with some communes
laboratories
sports fields
and an ecological environment within nature
they also enjoy activities like
field investigations
exhibitions and of vázquez
that facilitate the development of skills for the student to
become a successful leader for life
- of the ciborium
they also have the following benefits
study program accredited by the international baccalaureate organization
this program
it's a demanding pre-university course
that culminates with international examinations and that has opened the
doors of the most prestigious universities in the world
those graduates who obtain the diploma of the Beijing
bilingual program
with subjects pitadas in the English language
English teaching by levels endorsed by copei
the english institute of copur
which is projected with great success in other provinces of the country
copei has successful experience in the creation of study programs
novelties for young people and adults
for your experience
has become the fastest growing and most successful English academy
from the country
it also provides
academic advisory services to differences educational entities with the
In order to promote innovations in the processes in teaching methods and
share them with the teachers of the local and national education system
through agreements with public and private institutions in the country
copei and provides training through its international congresses
to teachers of the country
in order to continuously increase and support poor performance
of teachers
in the English area
computer program
according to the current demands of the national and international market
three computer labs with permanent access to the internet
with broadband
every student of kupol
have a password to access our information system
which you can enter from a hop black berry computer in any
moment
and from any part of the
to access complementary information to the classes
or contact teachers who other students
through a chat room
as certified certiport center
offers the following international certifications
I made three
global recognition in basic knowledge and skills
in the use of computers
email and office applications
in these
certifying the skill in the use of mac os applications 2007
which is the recognized standard worldwide in the use of applications
microsoft office 2003
to a club and spears
artistic and sports activities within the working day
for the comfort student
the solidarity of community service
not just an emotional impulse
It is a demonstration of attitudes and values ​​so you are less
favored within the social environment
this is reflected in each of the cash projects
that according to activities integrated in the international baccalaureate
and that the polytechnic school has been doing since 2000
after more than ten years of experience educating young people
we offer preschool and bilingual school
for the 21st century
with an educational model totally different from what is known in our environment
where the child is an active participant
in their own learning
we have the teaching staff who buy the high academic standards
that characterize the polytechnic school
bilingual program
that ensures a rapid advance of the students in the domain tel
ioma english
computer room
childish games
some technologically equipped
spacious cozy and bright with natural light
that allows the student to enjoy the nature that surrounds him
the challenge
of excellence